DateRangeBox: add code snippets and extended description #5043 (#5111)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDateRangeBox/dxDateRangeBox.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> The DateRangeBox is a UI component that displays date in a specified range, and enables a user to pick or type in the required date value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DateRangeBox is a UI component that allows a user to select a date range (pick or enter start and end dates). 
```
